So let's have some success for the movie menu for these men and men are going to have another common
movie menu.
And for example I'm going to beg the call again but and of course in this course we're not going to
inspect everything.
We really started working with this CSA and this is the way that you can find the CSA that is.
So you can override it.
But also you can see the selectors right here.
That's is a really powerful tool.
I use this every day when I'm working.
We then played the comparison or there were produced templates.
So for example if Waynesburg right here you will find the mobile menus using these handheld navigation
so we're going to copy these page right here and we're going to the background color that they can look
at on their color guide.
Are going to use this color Basie's and save these and reload.
Now you can click on the menu and you can see we have a lot going on like this.
And of course you can select a different color right here.
And so for example on gray call or reload.
Here you can see something like these.
Or you can select this color of the Pink or we can reload menu and you can see something like this.
In my opinion this color looks better using these
sort reload and clicking on menu.
Now you can see we have something like this.
So next for example if I happened they you add all these menu items to use in the list list.
So we're going to copy these and we're going to have you with Ally in we're going to take a line center.
So we're going to center the elements in the menu.
You can see something like this and that's fine.
And some of them will have an example these that I use in this sub menu.
You can see that with a Maryan added to the left.
So we're going to again we're going to call these Cantillon menu CPI-M based.
Why don't I use you and Gwede the class menu and I going at Madigan left zero.
So we're writing these Madigan left we're going to remove that
on the menu.
Now you can see everything is center that looks fine.
So next we're going to copy these and I'm going to get in line these we have you will apply a for the
anchor and we're going to change something here when we get another caller what are going on change
to white and sediment are important so we can apply the white color you can see looking nice.
Then we're going to transform in this case I want to display the.
That takes us uppercase and then I'm going to add the form.
Wait say and and maybe seven candidates are going to be a little bored.
One thing that's that's what I've got these so you can get on the menu and you can see we have the items
you may have been in so we kind of do these little better so those looking nice
the problem is that in my opinion these men is really really big really tall men who of course we can't
remove the categories for example the scandals guys and PTF come kids and towers bad for example.
We can also make some tweaks to these men you see right here we're going to inspect these
and you can see that this a lie.
So right on the air like where going to go with 50 percent and then we're going to float to the left.
So reload
man you and I you can see we have something nice to have him and about us sharp and block but you can
see we have a problem right here and this is happening because we are using this other menu right here.
So the menu is a plain 50 percent right here.
Then the child's instead of being 50 percent they are now 25 percent.
So in that case it's something that can be easily fixed.
For example if I open menus and the mobile Fadhil I remove some items.
And say the menu then low on menu.
So now you can see that we have in each line we have two items in the menu and that looks nice I think
now the menus are a little smaller you the person that is going out there and if you're happy with these
are not.
So finally the final adjustment that I want to make.
You can see the logo and the body they are really they are really close together.
So we're going to miss page right there and they can spec these is the side branding that is pushing
these is the selector that we can use to push these to the bottom.
What are going to copy these and Raissi it.
This is the second site to say branding and what are going to look at my bottom line Im save these and
reload and I can see capstans operations here as looking nice if I may.
This is Malheur the hero menu.
I went to carve out some more separation here and you can see that I added this in the media so we kind
of got these and that these outside of the ME equity
menu and you can see hacen separation and I can close these.
And we also have the separation here.
So you only have the gold in the equity.
When you went to target specific sizes in the case you went to apply some rule to all the sizes you
can add.
This is outside of any media query and this will work for a large the desktop and also for Moabite.
This is really nice and really nice menu that we have right now.
So in the next video we're going to see you can have a Google for on your website if you think of a
kid in the saying we're using our phone right here is called Laro and also here at the bottom of this
carrier instead of using the same phone Laro is not the same.
And right here we are using another phone.
This one is called Laura and she is on the board and we are sort using Laro and also one is using larum.